The contents of this folder have been prepared by Shrey Patel(2019CS10400) and Rahul Chhabra(2019CS11016)

The folder contains three essential things:

1) C++ code using OpenCV, named img.cpp, which takes in a sample image and depending on the user input with the help of mouse clicks, it returns a warped image and a cropped image both of which contain a top view of the area selected by the user.

2) Two sample images: empty.jpg and traffic.jpg 

3) The cmake file CMakeLists.txt which contains cmake code to generate the makefile.


--How to setup the Makefile?
Run the command "cmake CMakeLists.txt" to build various cmake files along with the required Makefile which will help us to build our cpp files.
	
--How to compile?
Type "make all" in command line to build the executable "img". The cmake files take care of linking all the associated OpenCV packages and libraries.

--How to run the executable?
To execute "img" file, type "./img" in the command line followed by the image you want to input. For e.g. "./img empty.jpg"

--How to give input?
The user will select four desired points on the image with the help of mouse clicks to decide the area of interest which should be transformed/cropped. The order of selection should start from the top left and proceed in anti-clockwise sense. 
For e.g. Top Left->Bottom Left->Bottom Right->Top Right. After the point selection, the transformed image can be obtained by pressing the "Enter" key. The cropped image can be obtained by clicking "Enter" again.

--Notes
1) The build files can be cleaned from the directory by typing "make clean" in command line.

2) Double quotes in this document are not to be literally typed in command line, they have been used to separate actual commands from plain text.

3) After giving the input, the corresponding files will be saved in the same directory as follows:
	original image -> resized.jpg
	transformed/warped image -> warped.jpg
	cropped image -> cropped.jpg
	
4) Any failure to follow the above steps for compilation/running/providing input will be accompanied by an error message which will instruct/suggest the correct procedure. 
